So the last lecture we had to look at how we generate a single page application.
Now want to show you the ferde and maybe coolest feature of knucks just the ability to preach generate
the entire app as static files which we can deploy to a static host during or after development to do
that.
Important.
Make sure to switch back to Universal mode.
It also works with single page application mode but there it's not as impressive because it simply generates
you a single page application with Universum mode.
However it really Prete generates all your faults.
Now let me show you how this works in your project folder.
Ron NPM Naran generate.
This uses the last command you'll see in the package chase and fall.
This will now build decode and preach generate all pages and give you a folder for each page and then
next thought aged him.
Now it's actually finishing with an error here in in it.
Often our store because local storage is not defined.
We can fix this later.
Let's first of all have a look at what it did generate in the dist folder here.
You now have some folders for your different pages in the index.
Each team will fall for each one of them.
And if we inspect them like our root index HMO fault you can see it's optimized.
But actually all the post data is in there.
So if you scroll a little bit further to the right you should see actual post data like a new post.
Again this is now statically generated which means that if we navigate into that disk folder and we
start our HTP server at Port 80 82 we can load our starting page and see all these posts.
But that has been pre-generated.
If we didn't click around we're back in a single page application though that's important.
So now we don't send real requests and get back to real pages.
Once we load the first page which ever it is we're back in a single page application but every possible
entry point has been pre-generated.
And that's pretty amazing because with that we got the best of both worlds.
We've got search engine optimization because everything is pre-generated all the female files with all
the content are there for the crawlers to be consumed.
And for your users too of course you don't need on the fly page pre-rendered on the server.
Hence you don't need to know Chaiya server a static host is all you need.
And you still have a single page application.
Once a user entered your page there's one issue though besides that error which we'll have to fix if
you reload this page for a single post.
You don't see anything because if you go back to your project and you have a close look in the Post's
folder there only is the root index HVM fall all the dynamic routes for the various post IDs have not
been pre-rendered because how would next do that.
It can't pre-rendered them because it simply doesn't know which kind of post you have which routes you
actually have which IDs.
In this case you actually have to pre-rendered.
So that is something we can take care of though.
Let's do that in the next lecture.